The last section before then more is going to be the her and it's actually going to be very straightforward
as you can see all year we're going to have in the back room and we're going to send them this play
flex.
And this is going to be space right.
So let's go ahead to the actual index.
And now here in the index the amount this would be the end of contact.
Now Herodes and to say this is going to be the first section.
And once we have our first section then let's create a for a moment with a glass of water over here
and inside or here we're going to say a div with a footer and two underscores.
This is going to be icons.
So this is actually going to be our door.
Now within a day of we're going to have a link here with a for our single icon.
So this is going to be our two hundred core single I got here we're going to have a hash tag.
And once we have all here our link now inside the link what I would want is place the phantasm.
So here is the first one is going to be FHB FAA face book on here.
So I said this here and we should have our eye on all here all the way in the bottom.
Once we have our first link the only thing we need to do is actually copy and paste this one to.
Hour here this is going to be three.
So there's going to be three of them and are just going to change these values around.
So are you going to say this is going to be Twitter.
Over here the next one is actually going to be Instagram Instagram and after that we're here will have
a link and so link or here LinkedIn LinkedIn.
So going to say this.
And now once we have our icons Let's actually go to the US and start actually styling them.
So here we're going to say means.
This is going to be the end of contact.
Let's actually make a little bit more on say where this is going to be for now for the hour.
First I would want is the actual For a moment.
Let's do a background to do background var and this case we're not going to create a separate section
variable's going to this or dark.
So really.
So this is going to be our section.
Then I also want to do a padding.
Three RPMs zero here.
So this is going to be our parting I can see these are going to be a guns.
Then we would want to work with for our icons.
So this was the deal that actually holding the links to underscores icons and are here we're going to
do a display flex like this and I can see that all of them are actually together and they're all going
to have a justified content and we're going to do space and around.
So basically we're going to make sure that there is even amount of actual space in between them.
And I would want a single like.
So I'm going to say over here this is going to be for 200 course.
All I can.
So this is going to be the length and we're working now we one font size to our exams here some massive
font size then we would want a color the color is actually going to be light.
So we're you know going to say that this is going to be a light color once we say it.
Now this is how our icons going to look like.
Now let's do a transition.
So as we're hovering would want him to issue in two seconds easily here and knowledge's do single like
an hour.
So let's do footer saying all I can do however.
So I was hovering what we would want is actually color change to gray.
So I'm going to say color.
I know you agree and this is going to be our transition.
So as you can see as I'm hovering here my actual colors is changing and once we're done with her now
we can start working with a number.